 Welcome back to our weekly Assassin's Creed lore overview right here at PSG. Every week on probably about Tuesday, we pick one of the Assassin's Creed games and we give you a synopsis of the plot behind it. And today we're going to be covering Assassin's Creed Brotherhood. Click the links down below to see how we got here. After escaping the Templars, Desmond once again plugs into the Animus as Lucy and her team head for the last safehouse. Inside the memories of Ezio Auditori, Desmond watches as his ancestor leaves the vaults where he discovered the strange being known as Minerva. Ezio is confused by what he saw and surprised to discover that Rodrigo has escaped. Which honestly I don't know why he's surprised about he left him alive. Aided by his uncle Mario, Ezio and his friends return once more to their villa. At first Ezio is at peace, believing that his mission of vengeance has come to an end. That Rodrigo would in no way want any form of revenge. The Templars are not done with them yet, as the rest of us expect it. Let by Chezare Borgia, the Templar forces attack the city. The villa is destroyed and Ezio is wounded and after he obtains the apple of Eden, Chezare then kills Mario as Ezio is watching. Though he is wounded, Ezio manages to chase after Chezare but quickly passes out from his wounds. After these events play out, Desmond awakens from the Animus and his team has arrived at the remains of Ezio's villa where they hope to hide from up Sturgo within an assassin sanctuary beneath the villa. So the being inside with his new abilities that he has learned from the bleed effect, which is when you've been in the Animus too long and you learn how to be that individual, Desmond quickly unlocks the sanctuary for others, reestablishing the power sources there. Within the sanctuary, Desmond sees images of Ezio and strange writings on the wall and once inside Lucy explains that they need to find the apple of Eden. In the hopes that they can stop whatever event Minerva tried to warn them about. After setting up the new Animus, Desmond once again descends into his ancestor's memories. He awakens back in Rome with Ezio quickly needing Nicolò Macavelli, an old friend and fellow assassin. Ezio is shocked to discover that the assassins have been losing in their war against the Templars aimed their corruption, vowing vengeance for his uncle Mario and hoping to once again acquire the apple of Eden, Ezio sets out to free Rome from the Templars influence. It takes four years to him to fight against the Templar forces and in this time he begins to rebuild the assassin order, recruiting novices, while also reestablishing relations within the great guilds of the city. With the assassin order once again strong and united, Ezio begins to send it teams throughout the country to fight against Templar oppression for his work. He is named the mentor of the assassins. However, Cesare learns of Ezio's work and the assassins going about rebuilding, so he goes to his father Rodrico, the Pope, in the hopes of more money, more men and the power of the apple. But the Pope doesn't wish to provoke the assassin order, informing Cesare that he should not have attacked them, that he should have left them alone, and that he knew that this would eventually happen. But he also knows that his son won't stop in his pursuits, that Cesare feels slighted by their assassins and insists on proving that the Borgias are more powerful than the assassins. So, Rodrico the Pope attempts to poison his son. But Cesare knows of his father's plot and kills him instead. What Cesare doesn't know is that Ezio actually snuck inside of the castle and saw him murder Rodrico. Cesare learns of the apples of the location and he sets out with Ezio in pursuit, and luckily the assassin manages to get to the apple first, using the artifacts of vast power Ezio manages to break up Cesare's army. Then, aided by his fellow assassins, he fights against Cesare at the gates of Rome. The fight is interrupted though when the armies of the new Pope arrive and arrest him for the murder of Rodrico. As he's led away, Cesare tells Ezio that he won't be in chains long. These words worried Ezio and he used the apples to look into the future. He saw that Cesare was right, that he would not remain in prison. So Ezio sets off on his own believing that his brotherhood would survive without him. In 1507, when Ezio finally caught up to Cesare, fighting through the siege of Vienna to face the man, Ezio faced Cesare in the final fight on the castle walls. But even in defeat, Cesare claimed that he would not die by the hands of man. Ezio agreed, allowing Cesare's death to be at the hands of fate, and with these words he threw him off the castle wall. Shockingly, the fall did manage to kill him, so in a way, he wasn't wrong about his death. And with his mission finally finished, Ezio once again returns to the city of Rome, where he hides the apple within a vault beneath the Santa Maria Articola. Coming out of the animus, the team quickly figures out that the strange writings on the wall of the sanctuary are the spoken password that they will need to get inside of that vault. Heading to Rome, Desmond quickly slips inside where he discovers another hologram of the first civilization individual Juno. As Juno begins to speak to him, Desmond discovers that only he can hear and see her. And as he continues into the temple of Juno, the holograms explain that mankind was not created to be wise, that they lack the sense of knowledge and that the first civilization should have left them the way that they were. Finally, with the others in the chamber, they discover the apple of Eden on a raised platform. And after he worked on how to get to the apple, Desmond reaches out and touches it. Suddenly, time stops all around him and before him stands Juno, who explains that Desmond is actually descended from her race and that he is her enemy. She explains that there is a woman who must not be allowed to accompany him through the gate. These words make little sense to Desmond, but it doesn't matter. As time begins to flow again, Desmond finds that Juno has taken control of his body. She forces him across the room and uses his hidden blade to stab Lucy in the stomach, both fall to the ground. The Desmond is slipping into a coma as Lucy bleeds out before him. And that is the storyline to Brotherhood. Now for those who are wondering, our plan with these Assassin's Creed lore videos is to begin by doing each and every one of the games telling you how they all link together. Then we're going to do a master timeline, which I explained everything that happened in the modern day and what's going on in the past. On top of that, we're also going to be telling you storylines that are happening in the mobile games, in the comic books, and stuff like that. So we're hoping that by the time we get done with this coverage of Assassin's Creed here at PSG, you will know everything that there is to know about Assassin's Creed. And if you're curious, me, Benny, on the PSG podcast, I'm telling you about my journey of trying to platen on every single Assassin's Creed game. Oh my god, is it getting annoying at times? Either way, guys, thank you so much for watching this video and please come back next Tuesday for the next chapter of Assassin's Creed lore.